add guides and examples (#14)
callbellchat/callbell-public-docs: docs/guides_and_examples/guides_and_examples.md

---
sidebar_position: 4
---

# Guides and Examples

Let's see how to use the Callbell API to send messages, receive events and synchronize contact information.

## Getting Started with Callbell

If you're new to Callbell, you can follow our [Getting Started with Callbell Guide](/getting_started).
Next we'll see some use-cases and examples of how to use the Callbell API.

The examples are divided into two categories: **Action-Triggered Events** and **Event-Driven Actions**.

## Action-Triggered Events

Action-Triggered Events are events that are triggered by an action. For example, when a new user signs up on your website, a new event is triggered. You can subscribe to these events and receive a notification when they occur.

This section contains a list of examples of events that can be triggered by the Callbell API. You can use these examples to learn how to use the Callbell API to send messages and synchronize contact information when a new event is triggered.

:::info

> For the webhook endopoint you can use a service like [RequestBin](https://requestbin.com/) or [Webhook.site](https://webhook.site/). This is a temporary endpoint that you can use to test your integration. For production you will need to create your own endpoint. A webserver is required to receive the events and send messages to your customers using your own endpoint. You can use any programming language to do this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set up a temporary webhook endpoint for testing your integration, consider using services like [RequestBin](https://requestbin.com/) or [Webhook.site](https://webhook.site/). These services provide a temporary endpoint for testing purposes. However, for production environments, you must create your own custom webhook endpoint.

To achieve this, you'll need a web server capable of receiving events and sending messages to your customers through your custom endpoint. You can implement the web server using any programming language of your choice.
```

First we need to create a webhook endpoint to receive the events. We'll use [RequestBin](https://requestbin.com/) to create a temporary endpoint.

1. Go to [RequestBin](https://requestbin.com/) and click on **Create a RequestBin**.
2. Copy the URL of the new RequestBin you just created.
3. Configure your webhook endpoint on Callbell. See [Webhooks](/api_reference/webhooks/introduction) for more information.

#### 🤖 Send a message with a chatbot when a new message is received

In this example we'll see how to use the Callbell API to send a message with a chatbot when a new event is triggered. Let's say that we want to send a message with a chatbot when a new message is received. We'll use the steps described in the previous example to create a webhook endpoint and receive the events.

After creating the webhook endpoint we can use the Callbell API to send a message with a chatbot when a new message is received. See the [Messages API](/api_reference/messages_api/introduction) for more information on how to send messages.

> Below is a diagram of how the Callbell API is used to send a message with a chatbot when a new message is received.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here's a diagram of how the Callbell API is used to send a message with a chatbot when a new message is received:
```

![message_based_messaging](./assets/message_chatbot.png)

### Contact Events

We can use the Callbell API to synchronize contact information too.
We'll use the [Contacts API](/api_reference/contacts_api/introduction) to create and update contacts.

#### 📝 Create a contact in a CRM when a new contact is created

In this example we'll see how to use the Callbell API to create a contact when a new user signs up.

Let's say that we want to create a contact in a CRM when a contact is created in Callbell. We'll use the steps described in the previous example to create a webhook endpoint and receive the events.

After creating the webhook endpoint we can use the Callbell API to create a contact in a CRM when a contact is created in Callbell. See the [Contacts API](/api_reference/contacts_api/introduction) for more information on how to create contacts.

:::info
The same steps can be used to update a contact when a user updates their profile.
:::

> Below is a diagram of how the Callbell API is used to create a contact in a CRM when a contact is created in Callbell.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here's a diagram of how the Callbell API is used to create a contact in a CRM when a contact is created in Callbell:
```

![contact_creation](./assets/create_contact.png)

## Event-Driven Actions

> Event-Driven Actions are actions that are triggered by an event. For example, when a new message is received, you can send a message to the customer. You can use the Callbell API to send messages and synchronize contact information when a new event is triggered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Event-Driven_ Actions are actions that are triggered by an event. For example, when a new message is received, you can send a message to the customer. You can use the Callbell API to send messages and synchronize contact information when a new event is triggered.
```

### Send a message

> Here we explore the use of Callbell API to send messages when a new event is triggered. As shown in the [Webhooks](/api_reference/webhooks/introduction) section, you can subscribe to several events and receive a notification when they occur.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this section we'll explore the use of Callbell API to send messages when a new event is triggered. As shown in the [Webhooks](/api_reference/webhooks/introduction) section, you can subscribe to several events and receive a notification when they occur.
```

You will need to create a webhook endpoint to receive the events and then use the Callbell API to send messages to your customers.

:::info

> For the webhook endopoint you can use a service like [RequestBin](https://requestbin.com/) or [Webhook.site](https://webhook.site/). This is a temporary endpoint that you can use to test your integration. For production you will need to create your own endpoint.

Reviewer: See above suggestion ☝️
